Decouple base image defaults from CLI version (#177)
nvidia-holoscan/holoscan-cli: README.md

holoscan --help
```

## Versioning

`holoscan-cli` release versions are aligned with Holoscan SDK GA release
versions. For example, the CLI released with Holoscan SDK 4.4.0 is published as
`holoscan-cli==4.4.0`; the CLI released with Holoscan SDK 4.5.0 is published as
`holoscan-cli==4.5.0`.

CLI-only fixes between SDK releases use the patch component for the current SDK
release line, for example `holoscan-cli==4.4.1` before the next SDK-aligned
`4.5.0` release.

Version alignment does not imply that the CLI selects, installs, or requires a
matching Holoscan SDK runtime or container base image. For container builds,
choose the base image explicitly with `--base-img` or configure one in the
environment:

```bash
export HOLOSCAN_CLI_BASE_IMAGE=nvcr.io/nvidia/clara-holoscan/holoscan:v4.4.0-cuda13

> holoscan build-container my_app

Reviewer: Thanks Wenqi, agreed that this aligns with the direction set yesterday. I suspect we may find ourselves revisiting this no-default approach in the future, but not a blocker today.

holoscan --help
```

## Versioning

`holoscan-cli` release versions are aligned with Holoscan SDK GA release
versions. For example, the CLI released with Holoscan SDK 4.4.0 is published as
`holoscan-cli==4.4.0`; the CLI released with Holoscan SDK 4.5.0 is published as
`holoscan-cli==4.5.0`.

CLI-only fixes between SDK releases use the patch component for the current SDK
release line, for example `holoscan-cli==4.4.1` before the next SDK-aligned
`4.5.0` release.

Version alignment does not imply that the CLI selects, installs, or requires a

> matching Holoscan SDK runtime or container base image. For container builds,
> choose the base image explicitly with `--base-img` or configure one in the
> environment:
> 
> ```bash
> export HOLOSCAN_CLI_BASE_IMAGE=nvcr.io/nvidia/clara-holoscan/holoscan:v4.4.0-cuda13
> holoscan build-container my_app
> ```
> 
> Wrapper repos can also configure the Holoscan SDK container repository and SDK
> version separately:
> 
> ```bash
> export HOLOSCAN_CLI_BASE_IMAGE=nvcr.io/nvidia/clara-holoscan/holoscan
> export HOLOSCAN_CLI_BASE_SDK_VERSION=4.4.0
> holoscan build-container my_app
> ```
> 
> With the default CUDA selection, that derives the full base image string
> `nvcr.io/nvidia/clara-holoscan/holoscan:v4.4.0-cuda13`. If neither an explicit
> base image tag nor a base SDK version is configured, the CLI asks for a base
> image instead of inferring one from its own package version.
> 

Reviewer 2: ````suggestion
matching Holoscan SDK runtime or container base image.

For container builds, the base image can be set with the CLI if your component's Dockerfile in configured with `FROM ${BASE_IMAGE}`, using any of the methods below:

1. Pass the image to the `--base-img` flag

  ```bash
  holoscan build-container my_app --base-image nvcr.io/nvidia/clara-holoscan/holoscan:v4.4.0-cuda13
  ```

2. Set the `HOLOSCAN_CLI_BASE_IMAGE` environment variable with a full-fledged image path:

  ```bash
  export HOLOSCAN_CLI_BASE_IMAGE=nvcr.io/nvidia/clara-holoscan/holoscan:v4.4.0-cuda13
  holoscan build-container my_app
  ```

3. Set `HOLOSCAN_CLI_BASE_IMAGE` to an image repository (no tag) and `HOLOSCAN_CLI_BASE_SDK_VERSION` to a holoscan semantic version, and the base image will resolve to `$HOLOSCAN_CLI_BASE_IMAG>:v$HOLOSCAN_CLI_BASE_SDK_VERSION-$CUDA_TAG` with the cuda tag chosen dynamically based on your host environment

  ```bash
  export HOLOSCAN_CLI_BASE_IMAGE=nvcr.io/nvidia/clara-holoscan/holoscan
  export HOLOSCAN_CLI_BASE_SDK_VERSION=4.4.0
  # Will resolve base image to nvcr.io/nvidia/clara-holoscan/holoscan:v4.4.0-cuda13 on hosts with nvidia drivers >= 580
  holoscan build-container my_app
  ```

````

Author: @copilot please create a PR to propose these changes to the main branch
